Actions require 3 things. Triggers, Conditions, and Effects.

Triggers
Triggers are activation events. When something happens it allows a trigger to occur. A trigger can only trigger one action and is then considered **spent**. Triggers are first come first serve. 
If two triggers conflict:
A. The action with more triggers is executed
B. The action to that who started the chain is executed
c. The player's action is executed

Conditions
Conditions are activation requirements. These need to be fulfilled before a trigger can be used. 

Effects
Effects are what happens after an action. Actions typically have triggers attached to them which allows other actions to be chained on it.

Anti-Triggers
Anti-Triggers increase the amount of necessary triggers is needed to preform an action. They can be thought about like an added condition that makes the action require another trigger. Anti-triggers can stack with each other.

Multi-Target
Participants - Everyone involved
Initiator - The one(s) who caused the move
Victims - Everybody that was hit
Once a multi-target attack hits, all Victims are a part of the chain and can react accordingly. Participants can only chain with other actions with targets equal or greater to the number of targets. 

There's one Reaction Trigger per Participant on the opposing side but only the one with the greatest trigger counter can be used. Using any Reaction Trigger resets all counters.

The chain Finisher counts all actions done during the chain from all participants. The finisher damages the opposing side, Initiator or Victims. 

Chaining
Every chain on a trigger increases the '**Finisher**' damage by D6. This damage is added onto the last attack in the chain, whether it is from the one who caused the chain or not. 

A universal trigger is the '**Reaction Trigger**'. The reaction trigger can count for multiple triggers to unleash an action. It gains a trigger counter for every attack after the first done to the defender. When used (or the chain ends) The Reaction Trigger does not become spent but instead resets its counters to 0.