Sky Umit(Soul Blade)
			
Ability: 	Heights (Acrophobia)
Is capable of levitating herself and others, but she is not used to it
Madness: 	Gluttony

Personality	: Curious and Problem Solving
Hobby		: Engineering
Hates		: Witches
Job 		: Blacksmith


Backstory:
Sky had invented a glider and was using it to view her village from the sky. Suddenly her village disappeared leaving a crater in its place. Sky slowly plummeted the near bottomless chasm for hours until Spiret saved her.



Stats
Minimum Stats : Level * 10

Level 4 (14 (18))
Health: 2000 ( )
Wisdom 	     (50%): 350
Constitution (25%): 150
Agility 		  : 40
Strength 		  : 40
Intelligence	  : 40
Perception 	 (25%): 200

Chaos: 100
Damage Reduction: 5%



Combat ~ Crossbow(Regenerating)
Sky wields a crossboy in battle. She uses a variety of different mechanisms and shots to battle.


Basic Fire (Quick)
Start Up: Range/Crossbow/One/Fast
A basic ranged attack using negativity pellets. 1 Resource.
+100% Damage.

Triple Shot (Charge)
Start Up: Range/Crossbow/Three/Aim
A ranged attack firing multiple bolts at once. 3 Resources.
+300% Damage

Crossbow bash (Heavy)
Start Up: Melee/Crossbow/Bash/Forceful
Sky hits a nearby person with her crossbow. 0 Resources.


Railgun Shot (*Avoid*) {Below 25% Health}
Start Up: Sky aims 5
A crossbow shot that fires off everything at once. 5 Resources.
+500% Damage

Order: Bash > Basic > Triple > Bash



Passives:
Blind A/B(1/0) +25 Status/10%
Job B    (1 ) +5% Reward
Job C    (1 ) +2% Perception per turn (Max 10%)
Regen A   (0 ) +50 Power
Courage  (1 ) -100/ +5% Resis



Note: Go to the Alchemist class to ask one to make fuel










