##### Rule 1: Y is the essence of energy.
Y is the start of all energy that exists. It is malleable enough to become anything and everything. It is true to say everything that exists is made of Y.

##### Rule 2: Y is unique.
For every being, Y is unique. There is a difference between the Y of the natural world and the Y everything holds. The Y of the natural world is named magic, but it is more accurate to call it energy. The Y of beings all have their own signature that connects magic to people. It is unknown how this signature is stored.

##### Rule 3: Y is specific.
For every being, their Y has a property that only they have. This property at first seems to be very general, but with research all of Y’s foundation on how it can do what it does is different. The closer the being gets to its foundation, the more it’ll be able to do with Y.

##### Rule 4: Y is constant.
The Y of a being cannot be altered in any way. It exists and there is no way to change that. Often, there are ways to mimic more preferable abilities with Y by knowing its root foundation.

##### Rule 5: Y is improvable.
Although what Y does cannot be altered, it can be improved. Y is like a muscle, it can get stronger the more it is used. People have not figured out what exactly strengthens Y, their current theory is fighting strengthens power.

##### Machinery
“When an artist puts their soul into their work, it comes alive. That is very literal. The energy put into a machine is the energy source it uses to function. Some mechanics put their whole life into one perfect work of art, while others create a lot of smaller inventions.”

Machines cannot use magic, however, how they use their energy is the same. Machines can also hold more energy than a catalyst without attracting monsters.