### General #Stats

##### Health - 100 Health
This is your life energy. Going below 60 is a knockout. Going below 0 is death.

“Every living being produces more energy than they need. In a pinch, you can use your own energy for magic to save your skin. You do not risk a cataclysmic failure, but you can severely injure yourself if you abuse this. Remember, you cannot take life energy from other people, life energy is a little different from the ones we put in catalysts.”

##### Soul - 100 Soul
This is your willpower manifested. Without any willpower, you will not have the strength to stay awake.

“Everything also produces another type of energy, in this class we call it soul. It cannot be harnessed directly but it is still very important to know the effects it can have if you happen to run out. You begin feeling tired, unmotivated, and lacking the will to even move. Think of it as a sort of mental exhaustion but remember this is not what it is.”

##### Catalyst - Varies
Any extra stored energy used to do magic.

“We create catalysts because sometimes it is important to use more magic than the body can normally handle. Catalysts are very dangerous in large sums so it is standard for them to max out at around the energy a normal person has. When using a catalyst it is possible to use more energy than it stores. This produces something called negative energy where the catalyst will explode and damage whatever is nearby. We keep standard catalysts at low power to avoid the risk of death due to a cataclysmic failure.”



### Ability #Stats

##### Fyrce -Physical Check
This is your physical force. Attacks with force do not cost anything.

“Now of course, you don’t have to use magic for everything. Lots of people train their bodies to do tasks that do not require magic. The only limit to how strong you can become is how motivated you are to maintain your strength. Do note that magic is a lot more versatile than pure muscle, but it also doesn’t hurt to have other options.”

##### Loyic -Skill Check
This is your in character ability to think. 

“It is very important to know how to put two and two together. It will definitely save a lot of trouble later on. You just need to be observant and patient sometimes. There is not much to it, just think, think, think.”

##### Mayic Control -Magical Check
This is your ability to manipulate magic.

“Having skill in manipulating magic is called control. As you all should know, magic can only be transferred through touch of something already affected by the user’s magic. Basic magic is either stationary or a projectile, but high level wizards are capable of curving and redirecting their own magic.”

|Stat|Conversion|Description|
|-|-|-|
|Movement Speed|6 + Fyrce|Amount that can be moved in a turn(Feet/s)|
|Magic Effect Range|0 + Mayic|The range where magic can still be controlled.(Feet)|
|Magic Conversion Power|0 + Loyic|The amount gained when using advantageous magic. Conversion D6|
|Luck|                   5|Your ability to avoid bad situtations|
|Carrying Capacity      |30 + 10Fyrce|The weight you can carry without slowing down(Pounds)|

Value Conversion => 1 Energy = 10 Pounds of Force
Stat Check rolls are a D6 equal to the number of the stat.

Start with 5 Stat points.

[[Reactions Stats|Combat Rules]]
Loyic => Smart
Speed => Movement Speed

[Unique]
Luck : 
Once HP goes into the KO zone, instead of being knocked out, luck is decreased per turn.

For every attack that isn’t completely avoided, lose luck.

Health can still decrease from cataclysmic mishap and potentially kill.