Destruction
Rakin + Shieldoid

Reputation + Competition
Both entities compete with others in their race to improve their reputation. Reputation is like a currency to both of them. All developments are in some fashion a way to one up each other.

The difference is Rakin's reputation is built upon what they have, not what they accomplished. Shieldoid's reputation cannot fall as quickly as Rakin's which cause Rakins to constantly be trying to improve their standing while Shieldoid can focus on one thing even if they aren't the best. This causes Rakin's progress to shoot quickly and in many directions while Shieldoids are slower but stronger in their focus. 

Order
Platikin + Amphibioid

Improvement + Knowledge
Both entities attempt to find a place in the world using their knowledge. Knowledge is like a currency with the value of the information equating to the value of favors. All developments attempt to find or store more knowledge.

The difference is Platikin uses this knowledge to improve themselves while Amphibioids tend to use it to hurt others. Platikin's knowledge is passively hidden with most of it being irrelevant or hyper specific. Amphibioid's knowledge is actively hidden behind codes and ciphers. Due to their nature of storage, Platikin are typically viewed as insignificant knowledge-wise while Amphibioids are revered.

Entropy
Tubikin + Avarioid

Cocky + Pride
Both entities attempts to prove to themselves that they are better than anyone, especially themselves. Their own beliefs grant them strength and whatever they need. This races tend to trade among themselves to keep anything useful out of each other's hands.

The difference is Tubikins deal in knowledge and experience while Avarioids deal with power. Tubikins attempt to be the first to do something, and when they do they no longer care and attempt to do something else. Avarioids tend to attempt to become the best thing at one thing to assert dominance. They will get upset if another person attempts to take what makes them unique.

Energy
Geokin + Draconoid

Slow + Powerful
Both entities rest for a majority of their lives. Their power output is the greatest among everything, yet they can only do so in short bursts until they have to recover. They wealth is all that they have stored and tend to trade favors so have longer uninterrupted sleeps.

The difference is that Geokins store all of their energy inside of them while Draconoids store their energy in their hoards. Geokins tend to have more power for the same amount of rest but Draconoids can function after losing all that is stored. 


Human
Humankin + Humanoid

Greed
Both entities always want more. They disrupt the natural order of things and seem to cause problems wherever they go.

The difference is only that humanins take while humanoids produce.