Alchemist (Focus) : Determines the stat of potions
Blacksmith (Wisdom) : Determines the stat boost of equipment
Architect (Endurance) : Determines the stat values of structure
Cooking     (Agility) : Determines the stat of food

Item Crafting
Common     : 50 Difficulty + Stat
Uncommon	: 200 Difficulty + Stat
Rare		    : 400 Difficulty + Stat
Legendary	: 900 Difficulty + Stat

Crafting Ability Check : Skill + D20
Once a rest the crafter is able to make progress on whatever they are crafting. Every check adds that number to the progress. Surpass the difficulty to gain the item.

Stat Bonus = (Avg Stat + Rarity) * 125% - 5% Per Time
(Accessories) the Stat Bonus = (Avg Stat + Rarity) * 125% - 5% Per Time

The stat bonus is the stat increase when using the skill/passive/equipment

The items will be imbued by the skills in the shard. Any skill channeled through items gains an extra Draining tag. When channeling through equipment, ALL tags are used. Cooking is the exception, cooking applies 1 tag.

Tags channeled through equipment drain the equipment's stat total.

Skill Crafting
Stat Bonus = (Avg Stat) * Gauge%
Stat Bonus is Free

Skill shards have a certain gauge%. Adding skills together adds the effects and also the gauge. It is possible to break up a skill shard to select only a specific piece. Doing so will make both pieces have the original gauge. Some skill effects cannot be separated and will appear on both pieces. 

When 2 skill effects of the same level are added together, they level up into the next effect. This can only happen during crafting. Extra levels not used will be lost. This level up is automatic.

Each shard added increases base AC by 1.

A complete skill can be scrapped. Each skill effect will have the gauge split evenly between them.

Gauge 
Reaching 100% exactly on a skill's gauge grants a 1.5x Multiplier to its stat bonus.

Every 5% over 100% decreases stats instead of increase them.

Can add any amount of shards to craft with as long as it is above 50% Gauge and below 200% Gauge.



