Skill Chaining

Disgaea D2: A Brighter Darkness ~Weapon Skills Exhibition~
https://youtu.be/rE7kd2HVsyQ

Although each character only has one attack action, it is possible to use boons to use other skills in succession on the same turn. The first attack is the beginning of the chain, considered chain 0. Every attack following is effortless. Similar to a multihit, the first attack must connect. Every attack on the chain loses damage equal to the chain length * 10%.

Allies who can land an attack can join in on chains by spending a boon, they lose power according to the chain length, however their initial attack cannot be effortless. The initiator spends the boon for the finisher.

Any stat boosts that may occur during the chain only occur at the end


Chain Ultimate - Requires a class Boon. JoAT Boon is generic.
Chain Finisher: An attack that takes all the power used in a chain and transforms it into an attack unique to the class. ^Ultimate

[[4. Classes#^Burst|Burst Class]]: Terror! **Split** the power between everyone around (including allies) and deal it as damage.

[[4. Classes#^StaminaDrainer|Stamina Drainer]]: Tremor! A skill with 10% Total Chain Power as power that hits all enemies in a [3 x 3] centered on an enemy that takes damage from Tremor!. Each enemy can only tremor once per chain.

[[4. Classes#^Future|Future Class]]: Collapse! An **effortless** **autohit** with +1% Damage per 10 Total Chain Power.

[[4. Classes#^Tank|Tank Class]]: Recovery! **Recover** Health equal to Total Chain Power.

[[4. Classes#^DodgeTank|Dodge Tank Class]]: Lock Down! Decrease all stats **evenly** by the Total Chain Power. Every action, decrease the total chain power left by sum of stats.

[[4. Classes#^DPS|DPS Class]]: Overload! A final skill with Chain Power as damage. **Overloaded**.


[[4. Classes#^Gamer|Gamer Class]]: HAX0R! Add Total Chain Power/100 to V-Math Calculation and deal sDamage to any stat.